Add GlobeOne and Update Firefox (#172)
riverar/wsa-app-compatibility: README.md

| Fate/Grand Order (US) FGO | 2.22.1 (135) | 11 | ✅ || A little unstable, but playable
| Files by Google | Unknown | 11 | ✅ || Works fine
| Fire Emblem Heroes | 6.0.0 | 11 | 🆖 | Requires GMS. If GMS is installed, it cannot be played due to SafetyNet error.

> | Firefox | 102.2.0 (2015890455) | 12, 11 | ⚠️ | On Android 11, it works albeit with broken rendered webpages. On Android 12, webpages now render but there's a white box. A temporary workaround is to maximize and restore the window. | Tested on Intel HD integrated graphics. It may sometimes crash when starting the app (happens when the android subsystem is started from a powered off state).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Firefox | 102.2.0 (2015890455) | 12, 11 | ⚠️ | On Android 11, it works albeit with broken rendered webpages. On Android 12, webpages now render but there's a white box. A temporary workaround is to maximize and restore the window. | Tested on Intel HD integrated graphics. It may crash when the app is launched from WSA's cold / powered off state.
```
